the words of King Lemuel the utterance
which his mother taught him what my son
and what son of my womb and what son of
my vows do not give your strength to
women nor your ways to that which
destroys Kings it is not for Kings Oh
Lemuel it is not for Kings to drink wine
nor for Prince's intoxicating drink lest
they drink and forget the law and
pervert the justice of all the afflicted
give strong drink to him who is
perishing and wine to those who are
bitter of heart let him drink and forget
his poverty and remember his misery
no more open your mouth for the
speechless in the cause of all who are
appointed to die open your mouth
judge righteously and plead the cause of
the poor and needy
[Music]
who can find a virtuous wife for her
worth is far above rubies the heart of
her husband safely trusts her so he will
have no lack of gain she does him good
and not evil all the days of her life
she seeks wool and flax and willingly
works with her hands she is like the
merchant ships she brings her food from
afar she also rises while it is yet
night and provides food for her
household and a portion for her maid
servants she considers a field and buys
it from her profits she plants a
vineyard
she Gerdes herself with strength and
strengthens her arms she perceives that
her merchandise is good and her left
does not go out by night
she stretches out her hands to the
distaff and her hand holds the spindle
she extends her hand to the poor yes she
reaches out her hands to the needy she
is not afraid of snow for her household
for all her household is clothed with
scarlet she makes tapestry for herself
her clothing is fine linen and purple
her husband is known in the gates when
he sits among the elders of the land she
makes linen garments and sells them and
supplies sashes for the merchants
strength and honor are her clothing she
shall rejoice in time to come she opens
her mouth with wisdom and on her tongue
is the law of kindness
she watches over the ways of her
household and does not eat the bread of
idleness her children rise up and call
her blessed her husband also and he
praises her many daughters have done
well but you excel them all charm is
deceitful and beauty is passing but a
woman who fears the Lord she shall be
praised give her of the fruit of her
hands and let her own works praise her
in the gates